Add "namespace package" to glossary (#1882)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/glossary.rst

        types: :term:`Pure Module`, or :term:`Extension Module`.

    Namespace Package

        A mechanism for splitting a single :term:`Import Package <Import Package>`

>         across multiple directories on disk. Can either be "explicit" or "implicit",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        across multiple directories on disk. Can either be "explicit" or "implicit",
```

I guess this does not cover the (nowadays most common?) case where the package is all in one place on disk (i.e. in `site-packages`) but was installed from different distribution packages (i.e. from different packages/libraries on PyPI for example).

Author: I updated the PR description to include (because I forgot to mention) most of this is just lifted straight from the opening line of [PEP 420](https://peps.python.org/pep-0420/):

> Namespace packages are a mechanism for splitting a single Python package across multiple directories on disk.

That being said, what do you think about this change:

```suggestion
        across one or more directories on disk. Can either be "explicit" or "implicit",
```

Author: Actually, I just found [this](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/import.html#namespace-packages) so "disk" is incorrect.

Reviewer 2: Aye, it's import locations rather than specifically directories on disk. The language reference definition covers implicit namespace packages, while the [`pkgutil.extend_path`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pkgutil.html#pkgutil.extend_path) docs cover explicit namespace packages.

Having a glossary entry here that links to both of those reference definitions (as well as summarising them) is a good suggestion.

Author: I ended up just cleaning this up and omitting "implicit" and "explicit" (for now). Those can be added as alternative entries and linked to in a follow-up.

LMK if anyone wants to push back on that and I can try and finagle it here.
